user feedback remove note unsupported (#6471)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/user-feedback/index.mdx

> 
> Sentry provides two ways to collect user feedback, an API or an embeddable widget, which you can [configure](/platform-redirect/?next=/enriching-events/user-feedback/) to collect feedback when a user experiences an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

There are two ways to collect user feedback in Sentry: via an API, or by using an embeddable widget, which you can [configure](/platform-redirect/?next=/enriching-events/user-feedback/) to collect feedback when a user experiences an error. For JVM-related use of Kotlin, check out our [Java](/platforms/java/enriching-events/user-feedback/) or [Android](/platforms/android/enriching-events/user-feedback/) SDKs.
```

Reviewer: Since we're removing the unsupported list, we should also remove the first part of the paragraph below it:

"Clicking the "configure" link above for these SDKs may result in a "Page Not Found" error."
